h2. JGlobus

"https://github.com/jglobus/JGlobus/":https://github.com/jglobus/JGlobus/

The JGlobus project aims to provide the base portions of the Globus ecosystem for the Java language.

The notable JARs part of the JGlobus project include:
* jsse / ssl-proxies: A GSI-enabled Java trustmanager.
* GSS: A secure sockets layer based on GSI from Globus.
* MyProxy: Support for the MyProxy server.
* GridFTP: Client-side GridFTP support.
* ssl-proxies-tomcat: Utility functions for integrating the GSI-enabled trustmanager into a Tomcat container.
* axis: Axis 1.4 support for the GSI-enabled trustmanager.

h2. Release Notes

h3. JGlobus 2.0.6 Release Notes

* This release now includes MyProxy JGlobus 2.0 fixes from CILogon CVS.
* Uses org.bouncycastle.util.encoders.Base64 instead of org.globus.util.Base64.
* Support list of MyProxy server hostnames/ports.
* force GSS confidentiality.
* handle multiple authz challenge options.
* remove very old deprecated API.
* Bug fix for issue - "https://github.com/jglobus/JGlobus/issues/102":https://github.com/jglobus/JGlobus/issues/102.
* This release is verified to work with XSEDE Myproxy Server, GridFTP and GRAM deployments.

h3. JGlobus 2.0.5 Release Notes

* This is the first release from github and distributed through Maven central, as opposed to globus.org
* This release addresses compatibility and performance issues with the IGTF CA bundle.
* Several forward-ports of bugs reported by dCache.org.  In particular, a larger set of RDN are supported.
* CRLs are properly cached and reloaded, essential for running JGlobus as a trustmanager of a Java container.

h3. jGlobus 2.0.4 Core Release Notes

* This release addresses internal security vulnerabilities that were identified in internal reviews in collaboration with the MyProxy team at NCSA. 
* GSS Tomcat support was moved into its own Maven project.

h3. jGlobus 2.0.3 Core Release Notes

* caGrid changes introduced in 2.0.2 were backed-out due to incompabilities discovered between those changes and the changes GSSContextImpl.

h3. jGlobus 2.0.2 Core Release Notes

* Password fix to GSSContextImpl.java and additional contributions from caGrid.

h3. jGlobus 2.0.1 Core Release Notes

* jGlobus 2.0.1 Core (download) is a bug-fix release that addresses an issue with signature verification.
* This issue was discovered and addresses by Jonathan Siwek at NCSA. Details of this fix can be found at "https://github.com/jglobus/JGlobus/pull/10":https://github.com/jglobus/JGlobus/pull/10.

h3. jGlobus 2.0.0 All Release Notes

* jGlobus 2.0.0 (download) replaces the use of pureTLS, as was used in jGlobus 1.x, with JSSE.
** While this resulted in minor changes to the GSI API, the GRAM and GridFTP packages remain unchanged from jGlobus 1.X.
* A secondary goal was to drop or deprecated packages that are not strictly related to the use of Globus Toolkit.
** This includes, for example, the removal of the MDS package, as MDS is no longer supported in Globus Toolkit 5.X.
* jGlobus now requires Java 1.5 or higher.
